## About

This is a codebase that will allow energy.gov users to quickly get started developing quizes.

This quiz template is built using the [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/) responsive framework. If you're looking for the original, pull down [the App_Frame repository](https://github.com/energyapps/app_frame).

THIS IS UNDER DEVELOPMENT

## Needs/Ideal Work flow

	- NEED TO HAVE A way to deal with longer answers
	- longer answers are almost aLWAYS the answer, so theyre dumb anyway
	- need an excel doc/README that serves as documentation of how to collect questiosn and put them into the system.
	- error logs in the script.


## Dependencies
- Download and install [Jekyll](http://jekyllrb.com/)
- [Foundation](http://foundation.zurb.com/) is already installed within this repository

## Setup

- Clone the repo:

`git clone https://github.com/energyapps/quiz-template.git`

- Rename the folder to your project name

`mv quiz-template/ new_directory_name/`

- On the [EnergyApps Github group](https://github.com/energyapps) create and name a new project repo, using "QUIZ" in the title.
- cd into that folder in terminal and change remote URL to new repo:

`git remote -v` List all remote urls

`git remote set-url origin https://github.com/energyapps/NEW-REPO-NAME.git` -changes the remote url to your new URL

- Push to this new repo

`git push -u origin master`

- Branch out the gh-pages branch

`git branch gh-pages`
`git checkout gh-pages`
`git push origin gh-pages`

- Begin work in the `index.html` file.
- Build the Jekyll `_site/` folder by running `jekyll build` in your directory. I recommend running `jekyll build --watch`, which automatically rebuilds your `_site` folder whenever you change something in the directory.
- Run the jekyll server by running `jekyll serve`. You can now see your page at [](http://localhost:4000/)
- Push changes to github, see website running remotely at energyapps.github.io/NEW-REPO-NAME/index.html
- Recommended: Update Readme to reflect your current project.

### Future Setup workflow
- We are currently building out functionality that will allow you to auto generate your `quiz_data.json` file from a spreadsheet of questions and answers. 

## Backwards Compatability
- Chrome
- Firefox
- Safari
- IE 9+
- IE 8 (degrades gracefully into full width answers)


## Contents

1. 	root directory
	* README.md 
		- You are here.
	* index.html 
		- Where you put your markup. The header info is for Jekyll. Leave it alone.
2.	_layout/
	* The _layouts/ folder is the Jekyll folder that contains layouts for any type of page within a jekyll site. 
	* default.html
		- This is a very rough cannibalization of the DOM elements in energy.gov/maps element.
		- Markup, CSS, and JS are merged here automatically by Jekyll, though you may need to update the links based on the js and css pages you create (below).
		- Contains links to JS, CSS in other folders (see below), as well as links to external energy.gov css files.
3.	_site/
	* This is the folder that is generated by Jekyll and holds the merged static webpages.
4. js/
	* data.js
		- Data for the quiz in json objects. This would be added to the maps content type.
	* script.js
		- script that executes all commands on graphic. This would be added to the maps content type. You shouldn't have to edit this, for a quiz.
5. css/
	* style.css
		- custom css to be added to map. CSS that would be added to the maps content type.
	* master_style.css
		- A static copy of the above as a fallback when the energy.gov links break.
	* fonts.css
		- a collection of some commonly used energy.gov fonts		
	

## Notes

Public Domain

### Updated: 2/23/15